+++
date = "2021-04-30T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-04-30T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.15"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Improved the web app by displaying a descriptive error when an integration update fails.
- Improved the user experience when deleting a deck.
- Moved the N label in graphs to the bottom right and increased the font size.

### API Endpoints and API Reference

- Updated the API so that you can now add a suffix to your "join" API call, which allows the source variables to include a suffix to avoid conflicts.

### Crunch Automation

- Updated the [Variable Editor (v2.1.0)](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360054720992-The-Quick-Editor-a-generator-for-Crunch-Automation#toc3) with the following improvements:
    - Added support for turning numeric variables into numeric arrays via the array builder.
    - Added checks to verify user-entered variable titles are unique.
    - Fixed bug so that organizing variables into the hidden folder doesn't create a new personal folder called hidden.
    - Set reasonable default column widths on the variables tab and turned off automatic auto-fit resizing.
    - Fixed bug in automation script by adding backticks to variable aliases that contain spaces.
    - Reset and disabled the source variable folder, title, description, and notes fields when using the array builder.

### Help desk and website improvements

- Added [Envelope Specification](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360060308211-Envelope-Specification) documentation to provide more information about Shoji, a JSON-based data interchange format.
- Added [Integrations: Continuous updates to your dataset via the direct importers](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360060244212-Integrations-Continuous-updates-to-your-dataset-via-the-direct-importers) documentation to show how to enable users to add new cases that have been directly imported, without having to go through an append process.
