+++
date = "2021-04-09T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-04-09T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.12"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Refactored the dataset importer and integrations in order to provide a more consistent and streamlined user experience.
- Fixed an issue with the importer that caused integrations to fail to render when there are too many surveys.
- Fixed an issue with variable sources and importer not working properly for Decipher integrations.
- Made various tweaks to Permissions Management and Dataset Importer panel UI to cause progressively loaded lists to render more consistently.
- Updated the design of the section headers in the Export Settings panels to improve usability.
- Improved the category selector for a time plot so that users can now select empty categories to be displayed on the plot (in early access).
- Fixed an issue in which switching tabs was not working properly for some dashboards.

### API Endpoints and API Reference

- Fixed a bug in the [search aggregation](https://crunch.io/api/reference/#get-/search/aggregate/) endpoint that caused an error when the user provides an empty query string.

### SDKs (`rCrunch`, `pyCrunch`, and `sCrunch`)

- Fixed an sCrunch bug that occurred when using Backfill functionality.

### Crunch Automation

- Added new ADD CATEGORIES command, which allows you to add extra empty categories to categorical variables. See [documentation](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360059442431-ADD-CATEGORIES-command) for more information.

### Back-end/CrunchDB

- Improved performance speed when accessing slides in a deck.

### Help desk and website improvements

- Created new help desk article that describes the new [Category Differences](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360059213452-Category-Differences) feature (in early access).
