+++
date = "2021-04-02T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-04-02T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.11"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Updated how descriptions are handled, which now allows them to extend to the entire width beneath a graph as needed.
- Changed the default to 'aspect ratio' when rendering time plots in "Tables and graphs" mode (in early access).
- Improved search results by including:
    - whether or not a dataset is a view, *and*
    - for variable results, the type is now included.
- Fixed a bug so that now weighted numeric-array analyses are successful.
- Improved how stacked vertical bar graphs appear by allocating additional space for vertical axis labels so that they fully display.
- Improved the time plot feature so that 'time periods' with no data at the beginning or end of a time range are now omitted from the horizontal axis — this is now dynamic as you add or remove categories (in early access).

### Crunch Automation

- Added the new argument `dry` to the Crunch Automation script endpoint, which prevents the script from executing and only performs validations.
- Added the new argument `ELSE INTO NULL` to the CREATE CONVERT command, which allows you to indicate that any extra value should go to the No Data category. See the [documentation](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360047136371-CREATE-CONVERT-command) for an example.

### Help desk and website improvements

- Updated the [Crunch Automation example scripts](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360049913732-Example-files-for-Crunch-Automation) article.
