+++
date = "2021-05-14T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-05-14T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.17"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Improved the time marker bar so that when you click the diamond symbol it now expands to display the margin of error when confidence bands are enabled in time plots.
- Improved the export settings functionality (for both deck and tab book exports), so that it now features a 'bases' options for numeric measures.
- Added performance improvements and fixed various bugs to the export settings crosstab sections (tab book and edit slide).
- Fixed how decks appear, which are now alphabetically sorted.
- Improved how long format exports are handled when "All variables on one sheet" is selected so that legends are now separately included for both crosstabs and numeric exports where applicable.
- Enhanced how calculations are performed when population estimates in a crosstab include a categorical date variable – each wave is now assumed to represent the entire population.

### API Endpoints and API Reference

- Updated the API email policy so that users with appropriate permissions may still change a user's email through the `/api/user/<userID>/change_email/` endpoint.

### SDKs (`rCrunch`, `pyCrunch`, and `sCrunch`)

- Fixed a bug that caused some sCrunch library commands to fail when fetching data from the `/tables/` endpoint.

### Crunch Automation

- Fixed a bug in the Crunch Automation script runner that caused certain Unicode strings in categories to be incorrectly matched.

### Help desk and website improvements

- Created a new [section](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/categories/360006281331-Integrations) and [overview](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360061204751-Crunch-importers-overview) article for integrations, in order to help users easily find information on how to import data from popular data-collection platforms into Crunch. We'll be adding new information on all of the platforms in the coming weeks.
- Added new information about how to use web app and Crunch Automation for [nets on a multiple response variable](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360045631232-Nets-on-a-multiple-response-variable).
