+++ 
date = "2021-02-09T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-02-09T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false 
title = "Release 2021.3"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

## Crunch Web Application

**Bug fixes:**

- Fixed broken pagination buttons on bar plots
- Fixed a bug that caused analysis titles and descriptions to display twice in dashboards view and edit tile panel.
- Made additional improvements to the categorical array builder, including the loading of saved expressions which
  include parentheses.

**Other changes:**

- Re-labeled column headers in Edit Categories panel.
- Hid "viztype" selector for numeric array analyses.

## API Endpoints and API Reference

- Improved search performance for folder-sorted search results. More speedups are on the way!
- Updated the way datasets that are associated with an integration to allow for new categories, subvariables, and
  changes to the order of categories and subvariables.

## SDKs (`rCrunch`, `pyCrunch`, and `sCrunch`)

- Added capability for sCrunch to back-fill data values via CSV file. 

## Website

- Added Feature Announcements section, which is linked to from the search menu.
- Added the ability for end-users to subscribe to automatically receive feature announcements via email.

## Crunch Automation

- Added new `straightline` function in automation for use in logical expressions.

## Product Documentation

- Published new article [The Quick Editor: a generator for Crunch Automation](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360054720992-The-Quick-Editor-a-generator-for-Crunch-Automation).
