+++
date = "2021-06-18T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-06-18T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.22"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Updated the Crunch app so that numeric arrays can be saved to a deck from the 'Variable Summaries' view.
- Added options in the 'Edit Slide/Tile' panel to allow you to hide the x-axis title and description for a graph.
- Fixed an issue when numeric arrays sometimes don't display in the 'Tables & Graphs' view when a weight has been applied.
- Fixed an issue that sometimes caused the 'Edit > Export Settings' page to not load properly.
- Removed the extra scrollbar from the numeric array summary graph.
- Changed the default measure to "column percent" within the resulting table when removing the variable in a 'table of means' (in tables & graphs mode).
- Added support in the Edit panel to switch between 'Mean and Sum' measures for a numeric array analysis.
- Updated export handling to reflect a dash in the intersection of the 'Unweighted/Weighted N' row(s) and the 'Mean' column.
- Increased the length of the maximum subvariable name, which is displayed in the numeric array summary axis label.

### Crunch Automation

- Made several improvements, including how Crunch Automation commands create multiple kinds of array variables as well as fixed a bug that occurred when parsing automation expressions.
- Updated the [CREATE CONVERT command](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360047136371-CREATE-CONVERT-command) to allow you to convert categorical array variables into numeric arrays (converts them to `NUMERIC`).

### Help desk and website improvements

- Added clarifying information to both the [Subtotals ('nets') on a categorical variable or array](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360045628752-Subtotals-nets-on-a-categorical-variable-or-array) and [How to add subtotals to a variable](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360050829991-How-to-add-subtotals-to-a-variable) articles.
- Updated the [How to find a dataset](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360039980612-How-to-find-a-dataset) with new information.
