+++
date = "2021-06-04T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-06-04T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.20"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Improved backend support to allow creation of custom variables into views.
- Added a search field to the 'Select' categories panel for time plots, which is displayed when the list of categories exceeds the available space in a view.
- Fixed a bug for integration updates when a subvariable with a duplicate name would cause a failure.
- Added the base size (N) to the tooltips above data points within vertical and horizontal bar graphs as well as pie graphs.
- Fixed an issue that prevented export settings from being opened.
- Enhanced how calculations are performed for population estimates when a filter is applied: in a scenario where that filter consists of a single wave of a categorical date variable, that wave is now assumed to represent the entire population.
- Added the base value to the lower right of univariate graphs.
- Corrected a scenario in which Numeric Array analyses sometimes are not able to be added to a deck.

### Crunch Automation

- Made improvements when running scripts that include multiple [CREATE FILTER command](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360042457091-CREATE-FILTER-command)s, which increases performance.
- Fixed an issue that occurred when attempting to delete a script that creates variables that are later used in the dataset's exclusion filter: this will now show a conflict.
