+++
date = "2021-03-05T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-03-05T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.7"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Fixed bug that prevented users from editing categories that are associated with an existing formula.
- Improved the ability to add scoring for Qualtrics variables in the Crunch app.
- Fixed bug that prevented you from exporting datasets in CSV format that explicitly included formulas as their variables.
- Fixed the ability to show categories more reliably at all screen sizes in the filter builder/categorical variable builder.
- Improved Confirmit integration to increase performance, fixed some bugs when multiple languages are in play, and reduced the dependency of the system on provided `wsdl` files.
- Display controller is now properly displayed as window width is decreased.

### API Endpoints and API Reference

- Fixed bug that led to unwanted slowness when processing formulas as part of the `/dataset/ID/table` endpoint.
- Fixed bug on `/dataset/ID/table` endpoint when one of the requested formulas is not applicable for any reason.

### Crunch Automation

- Added OVERWRITE VALUES command, which allows you to alter specific cells in categorical and numeric variables without altering the type. See [documentation](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360057819011-OVERWRITE-VALUES-command) for more information.
- Added `NULL` functionality to the SET EXCLUSION command. See [documentation](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360042038272-SET-EXCLUSION-command) for more information.
- Updated the DISPLAY command, which now allows you to add subtotals substracting other categories via the `MINUS` modifier.
- Updated the CREATE ARRAY CASE command, which now allows you to create a new array without indicating a background variable. When using it this way, all the cells in the array that do not match any of the conditions will default to `No Data`.

### Help desk and website improvements

- Added documentation for [Time series analysis with time plots](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360057226852-Time-series-analysis-with-time-plots), which is currently available in Early Access mode.
