+++
date = "2021-09-07T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-09-07T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.33"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Updated the Crunch UI so that deck slides and dashboard tiles are correctly weighted with the updated variable when a weight variable is deleted and re-created with the same alias.
- Improved Qualtrics integrations, which now support embedded data.
- Updated how 'Unweighted N / All' column values appear so that they now correctly display in multitable view when the row variable is a categorical array.
- Added the ability to allow a dataset editor to reorder the slides of a deck that are owned by another user.
- Fixed an issue in which an exported tab book yields an incorrectly arranged output if the multitable includes hidden elements.
- Improved support for hypothesis-testing shading when empty rows/columns are not displayed and a column is selected for comparison.
- Enhanced filter usage by allowing direct exports of dataset row-level data in situations that involve "at least N of" expressions.

### Help desk and website improvements

- Updated the [Scorecards: your flexible summary grid](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360040297192-Scorecards-your-flexible-summary-grid) article with new information on how to create a scorecard.
- Update the [Time series analysis with time plots](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360057226852-Time-series-analysis-with-time-plots) article with additional information on how to work with Date/Time variables.
