+++
date = "2021-03-26T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-03-26T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.10"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Added feature to show values on a time plot when the user has Display > Values selected in the extended panel of the Display Controller (in early access).
- Updated horizontal bar graphs so that labels on an axis are no longer truncated.
- Added hint text to alert users who have any profile analyses saved to a deck, since these analyses cannot be exported via the "Export from deck" panel.
- Added a "Fit to tile" option, which is available in the Edit panel for saved analyses that have the 'time plot' visualization type (in early access).

### API Endpoints and API Reference

- Changed several user-level permissions to enable better sharing and editing of datasets.
- Fixed a bug that occurred when searching for personal variables.
- Improved the dataset scripts endpoint by including the script ID on the shoji tuple.
- Added the `POST /api/account/users/` endpoint, which grants a user with the ability to edit datasets without needing to create datasets.

### SDKs (`rCrunch`, `pyCrunch`, and `sCrunch`)

- Added the ability to perform backfill replacements without a filter in sCrunch (full column).
- Added Python 3.4 support to sCrunch.
- Released sCrunch version 0.9.3.

### Crunch Automation

- Added the ability to use reference functions to act on a variable number of input variables for the `RENAME` command. See the [documentation](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360042247331-RENAME-command) for more information.
- Improved support for Unicode characters in Crunch Automation strings.

### Help desk and website improvements

- Added more descriptive information on how to use the [CREATE MULTIPLE DICHOTOMY WITH RECODE command](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360044567952-CREATE-MULTIPLE-DICHOTOMY-WITH-RECODE-command).
- Updated the [Crunch Automation basics](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360041769292-Crunch-Automation-basics) article with better examples.
