+++
date = "2021-05-07T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-05-07T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.16"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Added the ability to show the title and description for a column variable beneath the graph in edit preview and dashboards.
- Improved how datasets on a dashboard appear on a landing page so that the member's panel no longer switches to a dashboard when closing it.
- Fixed a bug that improves how formulas for subtotals and differences are saved.
- Made numerous improvements to the Confirmit importer, including:
    - Cleaned up the formatting of both folders, variable names, and descriptions. Some variables were being missed on import and are now being imported properly.
    - Added proper support for numeric array integrations.
    - Added more language support in Confirmit integrations.
- Re-enabled the hypothesis testing "set" comparison option when working with a categorical array that has subvariables within the columns and categories within the rows.

### Crunch Automation

- Improved how Crunch Automation handles scripts that have numerous commands (> than 1MB) or on a dataset with 1000s of variables. The validation step now returns a 202 asynchronous progress response.

### Developer documentation

- Added a new article about [Insertions](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360060324892-Insertions). You can read more about definition attributes in the [Variable Definitions](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360042410872-Variable-Definitions#toc11) article.
