+++
date = "2021-02-26T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-02-26T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.6"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Fixed a bug that occurred when dragging a numeric variable onto a time plot as the 'Cell' mean variable.
- Fixed issues that occurred when using the 'Manage user' invite and edit forms.
- Changed the behavior of how notifications appear when a deck is closed.
- Added the ability to drag and drop numeric array variables with all other variables types in the 'Tables & Graphs' view.

### API Endpoints and API Reference

- Qualtrics is now supported as an integration type.
- Searches can now be filtered by folder.
- Search Aggregation endpoint added to show aggregated counts of search results on a per-dataset basis.
- When users are created by sharing datasets, projects, or teams, the users are now created under the account associated with the dataset, project, or team. Previously users created this way had their users created under a new single-user account.

### Crunch Automation

- Added the `subvariables_of` function, which allows you to pass in multiple aliases of array functions. See the [documentation](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360041769292#subvariables_of) for more information.

### Back-end/CrunchDB

- Made performance improvements when running cube queries.

### Help desk and websites improvements

- Added a link on our [Crunch website](https://crunch.io/) support menu to our development release notes where you can review all the latest product enhancements we have completed and subscribe to future release notes via email if you want to.
- Made additional edits and updates to the [Crunch Automation basics](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360041769292-Crunch-Automation-basics) help desk article.
