+++
date = "2021-09-20T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-09-20T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.35"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Fixed an issue that occurred when a tab on a dashboard tile was not allowing the user to change the selection.
- Improved the behavior in the 'Dashboards Group' panel in situations when one or more of the filter variables have been deleted from the dataset.
- Fixed an issue that occurred when selecting a category in the 'Dashboard Group' panel that sometimes did not reflect in the rendering of the dashboard.
- Fixed a bug in [Confirmit integrations](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/4403966631309-How-your-survey-metadata-maps-from-Confirmit-into-Crunch) when response data was smaller than expected.
- Corrected an issue that occurred when a dashboard tile no longer reflects the column selected for hypothesis testing comparisons after changing the selection in the tab pulldown within that tile.
- Added a new option in the 'Dashboard Edit Groups' panel for removing a filter that corresponds to a variable that has been deleted from the dataset.
- Added the ability to download a Crunch Automaton script from the UI when creating a folder structure in a dataset and moving variables into it (a link appears allowing you to download the script).

### API endpoints and API reference

- Updated an endpoint that allows users to [generate a Crunch Automation script](https://crunch.io/api/reference/#get-/datasets/-dataset_id-/folders/script/) containing [ORGANIZE commands](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360042457291-ORGANIZE-command) that are necessary in order to recreate the current dataset's variables organization.

### Crunch Automation

- Fixed a bug that occurred when parsing Crunch Automation comparisons to `NULL`.
