+++
date = "2021-10-04T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2021-10-04T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2021.37"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Made the following fixes:
    - KPIs are now correctly set to a table cell when viewing a multiple response analysis.
    - Category hiding and color assignment are now correctly reflected in a dashboard tile.
    - Category labels that have been renamed using 'Edit tile' now show the correct label (vs. the original label) when sorting in a dashboard tile.
    - A properly formatted table now appears when switching between 'Multitable' and 'Tables & graphs' views.
    - Dashboard tiles that have a date/time variable in the analysis now load properly when the application of the group filters yielded 'N=0' for that tile.
- Added the ability for the user to change the visualization type to a bar graph within the 'Edit' panel (in situations when the user selects the 'Show means' option for a univariate categorical variable in a saved table analysis).

### Crunch Automation

- Fixed a bug that occurred when using certain filers in the [OVERWRITE VALUES command](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360057819011-OVERWRITE-VALUES-command).
- Added the ability when using the [CREATE CUT command](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360042458431-CREATE-CATEGORICAL-CUT-command) to allow numeric arrays, which then create categorical arrays as the output.

### Help desk and website improvements

- Added new information to the [Adding your Branding to Crunch](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360040072292-Adding-your-Branding-to-Crunch) about how to customize the 'Report an Issue link' to allow users to ask questions to someone on your team who is most familiar with your data.
