+++
date = "2022-03-14T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2022-03-14T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2022.05"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Fixed the following issues:
    - Multitable column header titles and descriptions could sometimes overlap.
    - An analysis with a multiple response variable in the column position and means in the cell positions may show dashes instead of actual means.
    - Exporting a tabbook would sometimes fail to report that an error occurred during the processing of a request.
    - Timeplots would sometimes not save to a deck successfully.
- Improved numeric array analyses so that blank columns are now suppressed if the setting to show empty rows/columns is not checked.
- Added the ability to provide arrow-based metadata in [Parquet exports](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360040059952-Exporting-Data), which allows pyarrow users to easily utilize their datasets.

### Crunch Automation

- Fixed a bug that prevented Crunch Automation scripts from running on datasets with certain folder configurations.

### Help desk and website improvements

- Created the following new help articles:
    - [Low base warnings and suppression](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/4665402502029-Low-base-warnings-and-suppression), which describes how to use controls for warning or suppressing values calculated from unweighted bases that fall below a customizable threshold.
    - [Connecting to the Crunch API with R](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/4538541564813-Connecting-to-the-Crunch-API-with-R), which provides guidance on how to set up an API key in R/R Studio.
