+++
date = "2024-08-01T10:00:00-07:00"
publishdate = "2024-08-01T10:00:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Release 2024.06"
images = ["https://crunch.io/img/logo-1200x630.png"]
+++

### Crunch web application

- Added the following:
    - Added support for smoothing when working with numeric array analyses that have the measure set to mean and with a categorical date in the column position.
    - The ability to view the text definition of a filter, which is available from the three-dot (⋮) menu next to the **Save** button in the filter builder.
    - The multitable builder now supports a 'Save as' option, which is available in a new menu next to the **Save** button.
    - The ability to [export median for numeric measures](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/360040498732-Exporting-a-tab-book#h_01J3KP5GEZ06Z259XRF02C3X7X), for both tab book and slide exports.
    - Added new graph customizations, which provides more control over how your graphs are displayed in dashboards. See the [announcement](https://crunch.io/dev/features/new-graph-customizations/) and [help article](https://help.crunch.io/hc/en-us/articles/9414277417741-Customizing-dashboards-and-dashboard-tiles#h_01J3XVABPZWWMTWAJS4RZY23F8) for more information.
- Fixed the following:
    - Variables with scale values would sometimes fail to display, which has now been fixed.
    - The Edit filter panel now allows users to update definitions that refer to variables or categories that are not present in the dataset. This previously was not possible when variables or categories were deleted or if their names (or, *aliases*) had changed.
    - Tables showing means of numeric variables now display correctly.
    - Numeric array analyses showing percent share of sum now display correctly.
    - The donut visualization type for CrunchBoxes has been corrected and no longer shows a blank display.